Candidates with relevant experience looking to restart their careers after a break are encouraged to apply for this position.
The members of the D. E. Shaw group do not discriminate in employment matters on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, caregiver status, or any other category protected by law. We are committed to the principles of diversity, equity, and inclusion, and are eager to hear from individuals having a wide range of backgrounds and personal characteristics.
Candidates who are residents of California (any such candidate, a “California Resident”) should click here for our CCPA Recruitment Personal Information Privacy Notice.
The D. E. Shaw group may collect, use, hold, transfer, and process candidates' resumes and associated information (including personal information contained therein) for purposes reasonably related to their application, including without limitation: review and management of employment applications and supporting materials; administration and management of offers to and communication with candidates; and administration, management, and improvement of the recruiting operations of the D. E. Shaw group; and/or where reasonably required in connection with a proposed sale, spin-out, reorganization, or outsourcing of all or some of the business of the D. E. Shaw group. The D. E. Shaw group will not use such information for purposes unrelated to the foregoing, such as direct marketing of third-party products to candidates, without candidate consent. As used herein, the term "personal information" is meant to broadly describe information identifying or relating to a specific individual; it is intended to encompass "personal data," "sensitive personal data," and "personally identifiable information" and similar terms, as those terms are defined by law in the jurisdictions in which the D. E. Shaw group operates.
The D. E. Shaw group may transfer such personal information within and outside the country and jurisdiction of the locations where the D. E. Shaw group maintains offices, to other D. E. Shaw group affiliates, to government and regulatory authorities, and to third parties which provide or may provide support and/or services to the D. E. Shaw group and for the purposes set forth above. The persons who may have access to this personal information are other employees of the D. E. Shaw group, in connection with the performance of their duties of employment, and the other parties listed above, in connection with the business of the D. E. Shaw group. (Of course, candidates will be considered for employment opportunities only in those countries in which they express interest.)
The D. E. Shaw group will use reasonable care to maintain the confidentiality of personal information (including appropriate technical measures against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, such information) and will retain such data as required by applicable law or regulation. Candidates have the right to request access to, and correction of, their personal information in accordance with applicable law; any such request should be submitted to recruiting@hyd.deshaw.com. Candidates who have submitted a resume to the D. E. Shaw group and do not wish to proceed with their applications should email cvwithdraw@deshaw.com. Personal information of candidates who have been the subject of background checks may have been transferred in accordance with applicable regulations, and any concerns with such transfers should be submitted to backgroundcheck-inquiries@deshaw.com.
The D. E. Shaw group may retain candidates’ information for prospective recruiting activities, including sourcing candidates for employment opportunities and for organizing events with prospective candidates, in accordance with our internal data retention procedures. Candidates who do not agree to such future use should email recruiting-inquiries@deshaw.com.

